Docs/define wheel chair sample scenario (#2)
Eclipse-SDV-Hackathon-Accenture/wheelchair-assistant: README.md

##### Run the use case
Once you've chosen an orchestrator and gone through their environment setup steps, please refer to [Ankaios's Dev Environment README](./eclipse-ankaios/README.md#startup-check-before-development) or [BlueChi's Dev Environment README](./eclipse-bluechi/README.md#running-the-smart-trailer-example-with-bluechis-devcontainer) for instructions on running this scenario.

#### Wheelchair Assistant Scenario Overview

> This system demonstrates a full driving scenario, starting from arriving at the car, getting in ,driving, getting out and leaving the car with maximum support from automation software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This system demonstrates a full driving scenario, starting from arriving at the car, getting in, driving, getting out and leaving the car with maximum support from automation software.
```

The system detects that a person with special abilities arrives at the car and then provides complete support to them by personalizing to their individual needs.

>  - When a person approaches the car, the car lowers itself, opens the front and the back doors. The seat and the steering wheel get adjusted in order for the person to get in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - When a person approaches the car, opens the front and the back doors. The seat and the steering wheel get adjusted in order for the person to get in.
```
we did not implement it

>  - A mechanical setting (ramp or a crane) can be used for getting the wheelchair inside the car.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - A mechanical setting (ramp or a crane) can be used for getting the wheelchair inside the car.
```
we did not implement it

 - Once the person gets in, the seat and the steering gets adjusted back for driving, while closing the backdoor.

>  - On reaching destination, the car is lowered. As the backdoor opens,the wheelchair is retrieved.

Reviewer: see above
```suggestion
 - On reaching destination the backdoor opens, the wheelchair can be retrieved.
```

>  - The seats and steering get adjusted for the person to get out of the car. Once they"re out, everything gets readjusted to normal position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The seats and steering get adjusted for the person to get out of the car. Once they are out, everything gets readjusted to normal position.
```
